README.md, before:

frontend-nanodegree-arcade-game
===============================

loading the index.html will start the game immediately.

Use arrows to move the player(boy) around grass and stone tiles.

The goal is to reach the water or the star on the other side of the playground without hitting the bugs. The player has 3 lives before the game restart and load the 1st level.

When you reach the water at the other side, the player can collect 50 points. The star in the water will give the player 150 points. When the player is  hit by the bugs, he losts 100 points and one life. 

When the player get 300 points, the game is reload and he restart with the next level ( i.e level+1)

When rocks replace the stones(level 2 and higher). The rock is an obtacle for the player but not for bugs. The bugs can cross the rock but not the player.

Not yet implemented :

- The You can select an sprite to represent the Actor ( list of sprites) 
- When the player get 900 points, the player win 


I used for this project:
http://devrob.github.io/Udacity-WebDev-project3

Commit message:

Reload the game when the player win

README.md, after:

frontend-nanodegree-arcade-game
===============================

loading the index.html will start the game immediately.

Use arrows to move the player(boy) around grass and stone tiles.

Goal:

The goal is to reach the water or the star on the other side of the playground without hitting the bugs. The player has 3 lives before the game restart and load the  first level. The game has three level. When the third level is completed, the player win and the game is reloaded

Player:

-When the player reachs the water at the other side, the player will collect 50 points. If the player reach the starm, he gets 150 points.
-When the player is  hit by a bug, he loses 100 points and one life.
-When the player gets 300 points, he gets the next level ( i.e level+1)
-Rocks replace some stones when with game level 2 and 3.
-The rock is an obtacle for the player. He can't cross it.
-When the player win (got 900 points), the game is reloaded

Bugs:

-The number of bugs = number of freelanes + game lavel (1,2 or 3)
-The bugs will initailly be placed one per each lane. When all free lanes are occupied, the next selected free lane will start with the first lane.
-The bugs run on freelanes and their speed will depend on the number of free lanes.
-When a bug goes beyond its primary lane, it will goes to the next lane.
-When it goes beyond the last free lane, it will start on a random lane number (1: freelane)
-The bugs can cross the rock.



Not yet implemented :

- The paayer  can select an sprite to represent the Actor ( list of sprites)



I have been inspired for this project by:
http://devrob.github.io/Udacity-WebDev-project3
